which one do I like she didn't
understand
now remember when she gets here it's
important to remind her how much you
love her and that you're here only
because you want her to live a long full
and happy life this is not a party you
need to get serious okay all right I
think I see her coming remember what I
said oh look at all these people in my
house whatever you all doing here on
this beautiful day
Alice I'm Peter your friends have all
gathered here today because there's
something that they need to talk with
you about what could it be
we're here to talk about your addiction
me just because you just switched herbal
tobacco you think you're mr. clean but
on your plus one
you two freaks put on a London Bridge
show with me for the March Hare so that
we could score some of that really the
Jabberwocky
hypocrite I know this why don't you fill
this wide and a raven is like a writing
this can't you see too many teachers are
taking their toll we love you and want
you to be around for a long time
you're not we here for here for me well
then where were you when I was so
strapped that I had to keep getting
banged by the deck of cards just so I
could score an eight ball hey I got
paper guns in places people shouldn't
get paper cuts yeah how else I've been
there you know I used to be so hopped up
on pixie dust at Neverland
I used to see mermaids and pirates and
you think that compares to Wonderland
I mean at least you had a goddamn fly I
guess I don't wander through these giant
flowers all these so crazy-ass
stories about walruses oysters and
what did you expect for me I'm late I'm
late
put a very important Oh what did I miss
you you're the reason I went down the
rabbit hole in the first place here to
watch the making of Alice in
intervention land part 2 of the monkey
box the series or start at the beginning
of the monkey box saga with the making
of motorcycle Jesus you can also watch
dozens of monkey box comedy shorts right
here on YouTube visit us at the monkey
box calm and thanks for watching the
monkey box
you